[Music]
there has never been a ghost story
created especially for the Adele movie
goer until the innocence
[Music]
20th century bucks which present a
Deborah car in heaven knows mr. Allison
and such outstanding motion picture
immortals as Snakepit gentleman's
agreement and Peyton Place now gives you
the innocence based on the Henry James
chiller of macabre evil brilliantly
adapted for the screen by William
Archibald and Truman Capote
[Applause]
[Music]
the innocence produced and directed by
Jack Clayton the man who directed room
at the top
turned into fearful reality by the
Magnificent performance of Miss Dipper a
car with Michael Redgrave as the uncle
co-starring Peter winGuard Meigs Jenkins
I saw him staring who miss the same man
the man on the talent but no just now he
was peering past the end of the house as
if he were hunting someone she liked me
he had dark curling hair and the hardest
coldest eyes she would you say he was
very handsome handsome handsome ever
seen
and when did you first see and hear of
such things well I made them up shall I
tell you who taught them to you I will
never get it from it shall I tell you
who taught you the things you've done
the things you said shall I tell you his
name
perhaps the most controversial concept
in human relationships ever presented on
the screen
with one of the world's great stars from
the man who directed room at the top a
new and adult motion picture experience
[Music]
[Applause]
they they they can return to possess
anything
[Music]